        CServername = CServername;                                         
        CServerShortName = CServerShortName;                               
        ServerIP = ServerIP;                                               
        serverPort = serverPort;                                            
        ChannelName = ChannelName;                                                   
        ChannelNickName = ChannelNickName;                                                       
        ChannelNum = ChannelNum;                                           
        chCurUser = chCurUser;                                               
        ServerGroupName = ServerGroupName;                                              
        ServerGroupID = ServerGroupID;                                                   
        ServerDispOrder = ServerDispOrder;                                                   
        DataPort = DataPort;                                                                
        OptionCount_byte = OptionCount_byte;                                                     
        OptionKey_byte = OptionKey_byte;                                                                 
        OptionValue_byte = OptionValue_byte;                                               
        OptionCount_int = OptionCount_int;                                                                
        OptionKey_int = OptionKey_int;                                                                  
        OptionValue_int = OptionValue_int;                                                       
        OptionCount_float = OptionCount_float;                                                              
        OptionKey_float = OptionKey_float;                                                              
        chMaxUser = chMaxUser;                                       
        OptionValue_float = OptionValue_float;                                                              
        IsClanChannel = IsClanChannel;                                                          
        IsUseDedicateHost = IsUseDedicateHost; <- parameters expected by client


array<string> CServername
array<string> CServerShortName
array<string> ServerIP
array<int> serverPort
array<string> ChannelName
array<string> ChannelNickName
array<int> ChannelNum
array<int> chMaxUser
array<int> chCurUser
array<string> ServerGroupName
array<int> ServerGroupID
array<int> ServerDispOrder
array<int> DataPort
array<byte> OptionCount_byte
array<byte> OptionKey_byte
array<byte> OptionValue_byte
array<byte> OptionCount_int
array<byte> OptionKey_int
array<int> OptionValue_int
array<byte> OptionCount_float
array<byte> OptionKey_float
array<float> OptionValue_float
array<byte> IsClanChannel
array<byte> IsUseDedicateHost
out bool ReturnValue <- value types expected from these parameters

202.31.179.65 needs to be redirected to local